1. (Dad)

Q: What was the general feeling around AIDS when you were growing up?

A: It was scary; people didn't seem to understand HIV and AIDS; there was a lot of confusion. In fact there was a lot of people who thought the two weren't related, that's how dumb it was. The first.

FQ: What did you personally know about it growing up? 
A: I don't know much about HIV/AIDS. I luckily didn't have anyone in my life who had it, and my friends and I were all very careful about, umm, acquiring the disease <cough> condoms <cough>. There seems to have been much more education, or perhaps more paranoia about AIDS, than there is today. 


Q: Why was it so scary?

A: There was certainly no cure or even treatment back then, so it was a definite death sentence. Remember, even though I'm sure flu killed WAY more people than AIDS, it was scary because it was the only "new" communicable disease we'd heard of then. This was pre-ebola, pre-SARS, etc.

FQ: When did stop being so scary?

A: I think that the huge response to AIDS really reduced its fear factor. It was big and scary in the 80s, then seemed like were starting to handle it in the 90s, and then with the first treatments and long range therapies in the 00s it started to feel like "just another disease". That's a load of crap, of course, it's still a deadly disease, but I think (unfortunately) the paranoia is gone.



Q: Did people really believe it was a punishment for gays?

A: Yes. A shocking percentage of people believed this. It was awful. And so terribly stupid. In some ways, AIDS as awful as it was, had one silver lining in my opinion - it brought gay people into the mainstream media and made it OK to start discussing homosexuality as a topic. Before then I never discussed it with friends or family.

FQ: Did you have any gay friends? Who were out?

A: Yes, my best friend was gay. And came out in high school, which was pretty novel. Most gays, especially in high school in the 80s would NOT have come out. On the other hand, if you're a 200 lb black kid with four french names and a wicked sense of humor, you just don't care and come out anyway. Which was pretty great. We discussed AIDS quite a few times, because of course we were all worried for him.


Q: What's different about AIDS now vs then?

A: We were taught to be SUPER careful around blood. Like if there's blood on the floor, you avoid it at all costs. It's still a big deal in hospitals (needle sticks, etc) but I don't think people are as paranoid about blood as they were. In fact, Riding on Insulin [a ski trip for children with Type 1 Diabetes] was probably the single most horrifying thing I had seen for a long time -- dozens of kids testing blood, leaving blood test strips around, sharing testers, etc., we were way way more careful in the 80s. I think. Oh, and, I'm a married adult so it doesn't affect me as much as when I was a single adolescent, so as an adult I don't think of it much anymore. But of course having kids...

FQ: How do you think perception and treatment of AIDS will change in the future?

A: I assume eventually we'll be able to treat viral diseases through science, or at least have a better understanding of the human immune system rather than the cave man current understanding, at which point I'd hope AIDS will fall back into the background like sypphilis (sp) and other sexually transmitted diseases. 









2. (Mom):

Q: What was the general feeling around AIDS when you were growing up?
A: At first AIDS was this scary mystery- it felt like it was taking over the world. I had a friend who was a teacher with me. She married a surgeon. She was very worried for his safety. Everything changed- we looked at blood and sex as potentially deadly for the first time. The general feeling was that everything had changed.
Followup Q: What did you personally know about it growing up?
A: I knew it was not fault of people who are gay, although many people were preaching it was gods payback. Noone I knew thought that, but I went to a very intellectual church that taught love. I knew, pretty quickly, the facts about it, how to protect yourself. I did know someone in college who had a pretty significant HIV scare after unprotected sex with someone who had been very open sexually. I don't know how it turned out.

Q: Why was it so scary?
A: Because people were dying and you could die from sex
Followup Q: When did stop being so scary?
A: I think it stopped being scary once 1. it was normal and 2. it became clear that people could survive for a long time with HIV. Also, I married rather young, so I got to stop thinking about it in terms of risk and partners.


Q: Did people really believe it was a punishment for gays?
A: The AIDS quilts were impactful. Huge areas of parks or football fields taken up with panels of a quilt that memorialized people who had died. I did not know anyone personally, but it was clear that for the gay community it was devistating. 
Followup Q: Did you have any gay friends? Who were out?
A: I had plenty of gay friends that were out. By the time I got to college we were very open about what safe sex had to be. I knew a lot of people in college that were bi and open/active sexually. It always seemed pretty dangerous and risky, beyond pregnancy, but with HIV and other STD's. I didn't feel pressure to be part of it. In terms of gay friends who were men, I think they were very aware of the issues, with their community having been hit so hard, and it brought them together as a stronger, united community. At the same time there where incidents, like Mathew Shepard in Montana who was beat and strung up on a fence, killed, for being gay. It made us all aware of the need to stand up for gay rights. 
I also had a boyfriend in highschool whose moms were gay. I liked them a lot. It is nice to see this community going from "hush hush" to out in my lifetime. 


Q: What's different about AIDS now vs then?
A: That is hard. Then it was HUGE. But now I think I am more sheltered from its impact. I just saw an article about the gay black community and HIV, but did not read it. Also, third world countries are really under impact. Africa too. In a way that is sad and terrible. All these children being left with no parents. Men thinking sex with a virgin will cure them, and then infecting young girls. Ugh. I can't even think about it. I don't know how you bring science and reason to a culture that looks at things in a different way. 
Followup Q: How do you think perception and treatment of AIDS will change in the future?
A: I think we have a lot of work to do the in third world, but in the US it seems like people will ontinue to normalize it as treatments are found and it proves to not be a death sentence. 
