Children of the Sea:
2. Mainly a sense of numbness
3. Lots of political unrest
4. Not a ton of hope, but they do have some
5. Throwing the baby overboard
6. The old man and the pregnant women are identified by name. Probably cause they are supposed to be the memorable ones
7. Much more dark and grim

Ninteen Thirty-Seven
1. River where dominican troops massacared hatian citizens
2. It's connected with voodoo magic and the imagery of angels
3. She's supposedly a witch
4. Shunning, fear
5. Nervous but reverant?
6. Hope
7. Witchcraft and rebirth

A Wall of Fire Rising
1. It's recited by Guy and Lili's son, bit of foreshadowing
2. Talking about things worth continuing to hope for
3. They're talking about rebellion and hope
4. Guy is a bit more fatalistic, Lili wants what's best for her child
5. I'd say it's justifiable. He doesn't want to live in systemic poverty
6. Systemic poverty and income inequality

Night Women
2. Odysseus's wife, Penelope
4. I'd argue she's a 'night woman', despite almost having the personality of a 'day woman'

Between the Pool and the gardenias
1. City is depicted as dirty and crowded, but richer than the countryside. The village is pretty higher class. The middle class shun/dislike the voodoo people.
2. She's freaking crazy?
3. The child is obviously dead.
4. Mental illness?

The Missing Peace
1. Play on words between "peace" and "piece," saying that peace is missing from their soociety.
2. Twist that it's in a violent dictatorship
3. 
4. She's depicted as almost mysterious. they're treated simply different, like complete outsiders.
6. They're detained by the guards
7. Saw the grave of her mother
9. Continance of family linage and tradition

Seeing Things Simply
1. Setting a more grim and uncivilized scene
3. She's from Guadeloupe, which is close and shares some culture.
4. Extremely self-conscious
5. Art, the world
6. Talking about the natural beauty of Haiti
9. I'd say so. A lot of Krik-Krak is left vague, which in my opinion lends to the story
10. Bit of a contrast with art, which in my opinion needs a more complex viewpoint

New York Day Women
1. Active in society, literally goes out during the day
2. She seems to be excaserbated at her mother, but loves her
3. Half curiosity, half worry
4. Feeling ashamed for her mother would just decrease her performance

Epilogue
1. I think it's from the perspective of one of her relatives or ancestors
2. Writing can often be a jumble, and arranging thoughts on a page can be likened to straightening out hair. In Seeing Things Simply, the same idea is used in the regard of capuring the likeness of the world.
3. That it was useless
5. It's her ancestors "speaking through her," i.e. Danticat speaking on behalf of her heratige through writing.
6. Obviously a huge influence, including lots of myths and superstitions.
