1
"I never even once saw a horse anywhere near the place"
"They didn't have a maid or anything, and they always opened the door themselves. They didn't have too much dough"
2
"Life is a game, boy. Life is a game that one plays according to the rules." 
" The one side of my head--the right side--is full of millions of gray hairs. I've had them ever since I was a kid. And yet I still act sometimes like I was only about twelve"
3
"He said he talked to Jesus all the time. Even when he was driving his car."
"With a guy like Ackley, if you looked up from your book you were a goner. You were a goner anyway, but not as quick if you didn't look up right away. "
4
"'I'm the one that's flunking out of the goddam place, and you're asking me to write you a goddam composition,' I said. "
"I felt like jumping off the washbowl and getting old Stradlater in a half nelson"
5
"So what I did, I wrote about my brother Allie's baseball mitt."
"Sinus trouble, pimples, lousy teeth, halitosis, crumby fingernails. You had to feel a little sorry for the crazy sonuvabitch. "
6
"'God damn it." He was sore as hell. He was really furious. 'You always do everything backasswards.'"
"I didn't even bother to get up. I just lay there in the floor for a while, and kept calling him a moron sonuvabitch. I was so mad, I was practically bawling. "
7
""What the hell was the fight about, anyhow?" Ackley said, for about the fiftieth time. He certainly was a bore about that"
" Finally he bought it, though. It cost about ninety bucks, and all he bought it for was twenty. He was sore because I'd woke him up."
8
"Sensitive. That killed me. That guy Morrow was about as sensitive as a goddam toilet seat. "
""Well, no, not exactly, but I can usually get them on account of my heighth," I said. "And I have quite a bit of gray hair." I turned sideways and showed her my gray hair.
9
""Hey, listen," I said. "You know those ducks in that lagoon right near Central Park South? That little lake? By any chance, do you happen to know where they go, the ducks, when it gets all frozen over? Do you happen to know, by any chance?" I realized it was only one chance in a million. " 
 "Would you care to stop on the way and join me for a cocktail? On me. I'm loaded." 
10
""I can't make it tomorrow," I said. "Tonight's the only time I can make it." What a dope I was. I shouldn't've said that"
""Well, ordinary, I'd say grand. I mean I'd love to have you drop up for a cocktail, but my roommate happens to be ill. She's been laying here all night without a wink of sleep. She just this minute closed her eyes and all. I mean." " Solomon's Note: OH GOD THIS IS SO AWKWARD JUST TAKE THE HINT
12
"If I told you what I go around in, you probably wouldn't believe me. "
" He's so good he's almost corny, in fact. I don't exactly know what I mean by that, but I mean it"
13
""How old are you, chief?" the elevator guy said.  "Why?" I said. "Twenty-two." "Uh huh. Well, how 'bout it?'"

""Me? Twenty-two." "Like fun you are."
14
" I like Jesus and all, but I don't care too much for most of the other stuff in the Bible."
"I pictured myself coming out of the goddam bathroom, dressed and all, with my automatic in my pocket, and staggering around a little bit. Then I'd walk downstairs, instead of using the elevator. I'd hold onto the banister and all, with this blood trickling out of the side of my mouth a little at a time. What I'd do, I'd walk down a few floors--holding onto my guts, blood leaking all over the place-- and then I'd ring the elevator bell. As soon as old Maurice opened the doors, he'd see me with the automatic in my hand and he'd start screaming at me, in this very high-pitched, yellowbelly voice, to leave him alone. But I'd plug him anyway. Six shots right through his fat hairy belly. Then I'd throw my automatic down the elevator shaft--after I'd wiped off all the finger prints and all. Then I'd crawl back to my room and call up Jane and have her come over and bandage up my guts. I pictured her holding a cigarette for me to smoke while I was bleeding and all."
15
" If there's one word I hate, it's grand. It's so phony. For a second, I was tempted to tell her to forget about the matinee. "
"They let me give them ten bucks as a contribution. They kept asking me if I was sure I could afford it and all. I told them I had quite a bit of money with me, but they didn't seem to believe me. They took it, though, finally. The both of them kept thanking me so much it was embarrassing. "
16
" Especially if I see millions of people standing in one of those long, terrible lines, all the way down the block, waiting with this terrific patience for seats and all. Boy, I couldn't get off that goddam Broadway fast enough."
"Nobody'd be different. The only thing that would be different would be you"
17
"Oh, darling, I love you too," she said. Then, right in the same damn breath, she said, "Promise me you'll let your hair grow. Crew cuts are getting corny. And your hair's so lovely."" 
"I sort of hated old Sally by the time we got in the cab, after listening to that phony Andover bastard for about ten hours."
18
"The phonier it got, the more she cried. You'd have thought she did it because she was kindhearted as hell, but I was sitting right next to her, and she wasn't.  She had this little kid with her that was bored as hell and had to go to the bathroom, but she wouldn't take him. She kept telling him to sit still and behave himself"
"Anyway, I'm sort of glad they've got the atomic bomb invented. If there's ever another war, I'm going to sit right the hell on top of it. I'll volunteer for it, I swear to God I will."
19
"He never said hello or anything when he met you. The first thing he said when he sat down was that he could only stay a couple of minutes. He said he had a date. Then he ordered a dry Martini. He told the bartender to make it very dry, and no olive. "
""Relax," he said. "Just sit back and relax, for Chrissake." "I'm relaxed," I said. "How's Columbia? Ya like it?" 
21
""I'd like to--I really would," I said. "But I have a bad leg. I have to hold it in a certain position. I think I'd better sit down in the chair outside their door." "
""Nobody's gonna kill me. Use your head. In the first place, I'm going away. What I may do, I may get a job on a ranch or something for a while. I know this guy whose grandfather's got a ranch in Colorado. I may get a job out there,""
23
"Oh." I didn't want to take her Christmas dough. "
" I really didn't. I figured if they caught me, they caught me. I almost wished they did, in a way. "
24
" "Oh, I don't know. That digression business got on my nerves. I don't know. The trouble with me is, I like it when somebody digresses. It's more interesting and all." "
"I didn't know what the hell to talk about while I was waiting for the elevator, and he kept standing there, so I said, "I'm gonna start reading some good books. I really am." I mean you had to say something. It was very embarrassing. 
25
"If you had a million years to do it in, you couldn't rub out even _half_ the "Fuck you" signs in the world. It's impossible."
"You can;t ever find a place that's nice and peaceful, because there isn't any. You may _think_ there is, but once you get there, when you're not looking, somebody'll sneak up and write "Fuck you" right under your nose"
26 "How do you know what you're going to do till you do it? ...How do I know?"
"I sort of _miss_ everybody I told about.... Don't ever tell anybody anything. If you do, you start missing everybody."
